arriver;to arrive
passer;to spend time
aider;to help
chercher;to search
finir;to finish
importer;to import
placer;to place (put)
prier;to pray
envier;to envy
entrer;to enter
téléphoner;to telephone
payer;to pay
adorer;to adore
changer;to change
commencer;to commence (begin)
armer;to arm
dîner;to dine
recevoir;to receive
occuper;to occupy
sauver;to save
terminer;to terminate
toucher;to touch
detester;to detest
decider;to decide
ignorer;to ignore
supposer;to suppose
commander;to command
disparaître;to disappear
expliquer;to explain
quitter;to quit, leave
ressembler;to resemble
exister;to exist
visiter;to visit
imaginer;to imagine
continuer;to continue
danser;to dance
servir;to serve
préférer;to prefer
signer;to sign
utiliser;to use
marier;to marry
choisir;to choose
intéresser;to interest
descendre;to descend
tourner;to turn
adresser;to address
présenter;to present
excuser;to excuse
refuser;to refuse
discuter;to discuss
permettre;to permit
doubler;to double
amuser;to amuse
réfléchir;to reflect (think)
arranger;to arrange
officier;to officiate
accepter;to accept
préparer;to prepare
regretter;to regret
inviter;to invite
vérifier;to verify
dépendre;to depend
obtenir;to obtain
restaurer;to restore
joindre;to join
produire;to produce
répéter;to repeat
assurer;to assure, ensure
obliger;to obliged, compel
échapper;to escape
embrasser;to embrace
prévenir;to prevent
piloter;to pilot
défendre;to defend
concerner;to concern
réparer;to repair
apprécier;to appreciate
créer;to create
annoncer;to announce
payer;to pay
marquer;to mark
abandonner;to abandon
se suicider;to commit suicider
attaquer;to attack
fonctionner;to function
ennuyer;to annoy
mesurer;to measure
supporter;to support
commettre;to commit
crier;to cry, shout
convaincre;to convince
réserver;to reserve
souffrir;to suffer
traverser;to traverse
survivre;to survive
charger;to charge, load
accuser;to accuse
construire;to construct, build
contrôler;to control
exploser;to explode
représenter;to represent
libérer;to liberate
traiter;to treat
avancer;to advance
réaliser;to realize
accompagner;to accompany
profiter;to profit
proposer;to proposer
approcher;to approach
inventer;to invent
calmer;to calm
pardonner;to pardon, forgive
récompenser;to compensate, reward
presser;to press, squeeze
moquer;to mock
installer;to install
condamner;to condemn
chasser;to chase, hunt
flotter;to float
guider;to guide
désirer;to desire
forcer;to force
respecter;to respect
associer;to associate
assassiner;to assasinate
retenir;to retain, remember
pisser;to piss
taper;to type, hit
risquer;to risk
citer;to cite, quote
copier;to copy
assister;to assist
alarmer;to alarm
héler;to hail (call)
séparer;to separate
employer;to employ (use)
portraire;to portray
entraîner;to train
juger;to judge
admettre;to admit
causer;to cause
cesser;to cease, stop
dégoûter;to disgust
filmer;to film
rouler;to roll
organiser;to organize
participer;to participate
influencer;to influence
obéir;to obey
résister;to resist
examiner;to examine
déclarer;to declare
interroger;to interrogate
insister;to insist
autoriser;to authorize
conclure;to conclude
contacter;to contact
identifier;to identify
attacher;to attach
disputer;to dispute
impliquer;to involve, implicate
délirer;to be delerious
admirer;to admire
opérer;to operate
déplacer;to displace, move
concentrer;to concentrate
estimer;to estimate
éliminer;to eliminate
analyser;to analzer
annuler;to annul, cancel
ordonner;to order
contenir;to contain
rembourser;to reimbourser
informer;to inform
satisfaire;to satisfy
planter;to plant
renoncer;to renouce
accomplir;to accomplish
fabriquer;to fabricate
transformer;to tansform
douter;to doubt
interrompre;to interrupt
indiquer;to indicate
patienter;to hold on (to be patient)
vomir;to vomit
améliorer;to ameliorate
observer;to observe
maintenir;to maintain
fasciner;to fascinate
effacer;to efface
loger;to lodge, stay
confier;to confide, entrust
suffire;to suffice
rendre;to render
retourner;to return
offrir;to offer
prouver;to prove
noter;to note
suivre;to follow
savoir;to know
croire;to believe
devoir;to have to, must
penser;to think
rester;to stay
plaire;to please
tuer;to kill
entendre;to hear
comprendre;to understand
regarder;to look, watch
partir;to leave
pendre;to hang down
trouver;to find
demander;to ask
sortir;to go out
tenir;to retain
laisser;to let, leave sb/sth
donner;to give
mourir;to die
vivre;to live
espérer;to hope
marcher;to walk
souvenir;to remember
peiner;to labor, toil
oublier;to forget
travailler;to work
sembler;to seem
dormir;to sleep
apprendre;to learn
bouillir;to boil
garder;to keep, guard
bouger;to move, budge
ouvrir;to open
gagner;to win, earn
battre;to beat
envoyer;to send
porter;to carry, wear
jurer;to swear
coucher;to lie down
vendre;to sell
sentir;to feel, sell
unir;to unite
chanter;to sing
jeter;to throw
signifier;to mean
enchanter;to delight, enchant
raconter;to tell
découvrir;to discover
habiter;to live at
apporter;to bring
courir;to run
appartenir;to belong
récupérer;to recuperate
fatiguer;to tire
fumer;to smole
grandir;to grow
supplier;to beg
respirer;to breath
surveiller;to monitor
